SIGINT - Enthropormorphic  Decision Systems using Discreet Logic Control Flow

Applications and Nodes can hide in plain Sight; if they are too obvious to be anything other than their intended use. This “algorithm”
is designed to leverage any existing process/application on a host machine using multivariate methods and TRI-angulation standards
of SIGINT. Signals are effective because it is not impacted by any amount of encryption. Further, No single node is a single point 
of failure. If a node goes down, another machine or process can take its place anywhere in the network. A single message requires
a minimum of 3 nodes. It does not require all to be the same application or process. A single message, once deciphered,
does not constitute a pattern as at least three messages must be received to create a basic syntax.

Message = A message is a logical construct in Computer Science whereby computers are able to send data to other computers or devices 
such as printers as well as to processes running on any machine.

Enthropormorphic = Is the adaptation of entropy to Anthropomorphic entities.

My research focuses around the design and implementation of SIGINT in large scale decentralized networks and systems for the use
of parallel asynchronous processing of message passing and control flow via alternate methods. 

In traditional computer science, as in real life, messages (signals/data) exist in time-and-space, my proposed message research 
exist in space^N-timepattern-<volume>,  -(possibly node/application key)
Space is replicated; time is a pattern based on historical ACK control flow; and volume factored in to the timepattern dictates 
an input shift in the timepattern itself but in realtime serves as a signal matched against the 2 aforementioned variable functions.

The complexity by design allows for:
1.	Quantitative message signals control flow
2.	Enthrophomorthic (Entropy changes to anthropologic messages) 
a.	For example, a foreign alien would not know what a human “arm” or “leg” is without knowing what a human is. In this context, “humans” do not and cannot exist because time does not exist in the traditional sense. Time is an abstraction of previous messages SYN/ACK, and a quantifiable key.
b.	Patterns are never static, this is a critical consideration.
c.	Identical patterns must have different messages by volume and/or space. In a decentralized environment, the host machine cannot know the quantity of the volume, of all infected machines (even in closed cloud computing environment) and thus cannot successfully decipher the message.
d.	Closed environments. We must assume all environments are closed using standard encryption and a single point of entry. Thus, at least one additional machine must serve as the outside third node in the triangulation, for every three nodes. The node itself ad the message data can be thought of as the 
3.	Dispersion of a message such that all messages are tri-variant (3 variables => converged into a single message), i.e. a pattern cannot exist without all three components of a single message matched against other messages.
4.	Undetectable 
5.	1 message to the next does not have to belong to the same algorithm, can be matched against a predetermined list (only for simple messages).
6.	TBD

A minimum triangulation is required in order for the message to be properly 
Must Be Non-Deterministic (Study: Create nondeterminism in deterministic environment).
Rotating Patterns by means of Enthropor foreign anthropomorphic algorithmic changes

Undetectable = by design all message passing must be routine, fit within 1 standard deviation of the norm, 
